Bacon: Right. Let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. You see these goods? Never seen daylight, moonlight, Israelite. Fanny by the gaslight. Take a bag, c'mon take a bag. I took a bag home last night. Cost me a lot more than ten pound, I can tell you. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. I wish it was as long as something else. Don't think because these boxes are sealed up, they're empty. The only man who sells empty boxes is the undertaker, and by the look of some of you lot today, I'd make more money with me measuring tape. Here, one price. Ten pound.
Bacon: Are you deaf?
Bacon: Squeeze in if you can. Left leg, right leg, your body will follow. They call it walking. You want one as well, darling? You do? That's it. They're waking up. Treat the wife. Treat somebody else's wife. It's a lot more fun if you don't get caught. Hold on. You want one as well? Okay, darling, show me a bit of life then. It's no good standing out there like one o'clock half-struck. Buy them, you better buy them. These are not stolen, they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again. They've changed the bloody locks. Here. One for you. It's no good coming back later when I've sold out. "Too late, too late" will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by. If you got no money on you now, you'll be crying tears as big as October cabbages.
Bacon: Shit.
Bacon: What's that?
Bacon: No. I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't expecting a fucking rainforest! You could fall in love with an orangutan in that!
Bacon: I thought this was a pub!
Bacon: So how long do you have to wait for a return?
Bacon: Well what good is that if we need it in six... no, five days?
Bacon: 'Course you will sweetheart!
Bacon: What d'you think this is? Fucking hide and seek?
Bacon: I'm not sure what's more worrying. The job or your past.
Bacon: Yeah, and look what happened to that.
Bacon: Once there was this geezer called Smithy Robinson, who worked for Harry. It was rumoured that he was on the take. Harry's invited Smithy round for an explanation. Smithy didn't do a very good job. Within a minute, Harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15 inch black rubber cock. He's then proceeded to batter poor Smithy to death with it. Now that was seen as a pleasant way to go. Hence, Hatchet Harry is a man you pay if you owe.
Bacon: Not a bad idea, that.
Bacon: Let's have a butcher's, eh?
Bacon: We've hit the jackpot, lads! We've got God-knows-how-much of this stinking weed, a shitload of cash... and a traffic warden.
Bacon: I think he's still alive - he's got claret coming out of him somewhere. What did they want with a traffic warden?
Bacon: Knock him out? What'd ya mean, knock him out? Knock him out with what?
Bacon: I'll knock you out in a minute! Look, you want to knock him out? *You* knock him out.
Bacon: And throw yourself off while you're at it.
Bacon: And Tom took care of them.
Bacon: Well, talk.
Bacon: You dippy bastard.
Bacon: And throw yourself off while you're at it.
Bacon: As if he'll care.
Bacon: I don't believe this. What the fuck has happened here?
