Eddie: Did you say ten pound?
Eddie: That's a bargain. I'll take one.
Eddie: Bacon, cozzers!
Eddie: They're armed.
Eddie: Err, bad breath, colorful language, feather duster... what do you think they're gonna be armed with? Guns, you tit!
Eddie: Yeah. You must be Harry. Sorry, didn't know your father.
Eddie: Jesus Christ!
Eddie: You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What d'you do when you're not buying stereos Nick? Finance revolutions?
Eddie: Oh, and if Tom or anyone else for that matter feels like givin' them a bit of a kickin', I'm sure it won't do any harm.
Eddie: Twenty grand, open.
Eddie: Fifty grand.
Eddie: One hundred grand.
Eddie: Will you two stop flirting for a minute?
Eddie: The entire British empire was built on cups of tea...
Eddie: ...And if you think I'm going to war without one, mate, you're mistaken.
Eddie: As you know this puts us in an awkward position... I don't have enough to continue.
Eddie: I don't know. What I do know is there's no more Harry. Which means there's no more debt. And if there's no more debt, there's no more problem. And there's no problem with the neighbors... because they're all dead. And I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong... we're in the clear.
Eddie: Where did they get those outfits?
Eddie: Soap, don't be such a mincer.
Eddie: Can we lock up and get drunk now?
Eddie: Bacon, see what we've got.
Eddie: I don't know, but I don't think we need him! Knock him out and dump him at the lights!
Eddie: I don't know! Use your imagination!
Eddie: I fucking hate traffic wardens.
Eddie: That's quite a raise. That's 150 on my 100.
Eddie: Tom, you take those guns and you throw them off a bridge.
Eddie: [Entering Harry's office with corpses lying around] Oh no. Not again.
Eddie: It appears so.
Eddie: Well everybody's dead, Dad. I think that's about as clear as it can get.
Eddie: The Traffic Warden identified the neighbours' bodies. Which sort of puts us in the clear. The only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
Eddie: So... the only thing connecting us with the case, is in the back of your car which is parked outside?
Eddie: Tom, you're a dick. Now you take those guns and you throw them off a bridge.
Eddie: It's either that, the old boy's place and we lose a digit daily. I'm gonna phone him.
Eddie: He'll care alright, that was supposed to be his money. Whether he cares about us or not is different.
Eddie: It's Ed, if that's you mean.
Eddie: Yeah... I wanted to talk to you about that.
