Rory Breaker: If the milk turns out to be sour, I ain't the kinda pussy to drink it.
Rory Breaker: Your stupidity must be your one saving grace.
Rory Breaker: Don't "uh" me Greek boy! How is it that your fucking stupid soon-to-be-dead friends thought they might be able to steal my cannabis and then sell it back to me? Is this a declaration of war? Is this some white cunt's joke that black cunts don't get? 'Cause Im not fucking laughing Ni-ko-las!
Rory Breaker: I know you couldn't have known my position 'cause you're not that stupid that if you did, you wouldn't have turned up here scratching your arse with that "what's going on here?" look slapped all over your chevy chase! But what you do know is where these people live.
Rory Breaker: If you hold back anything, I'll kill ya. If you bend the truth or I think you're bending the truth, I'll kill ya. If you forget anything, I'll kill ya. In fact, you're gonna have to work very hard to stay alive, Nick. Now, do you understand everything I've just said? 'Cause if you don't, I'll kill ya! Now, Mr Bubble and Squeak, you may enlighten me.
Rory Breaker: What did you shoot him with, an air rifle?
Rory Breaker: You don't say.
Rory Breaker: Is this some white cunts joke that black cunts don't get? 'Cause I'm not fucking laughing Nicholas.
Rory Breaker: Get Nick, that greasy wop, shistos, pesevengi, gamouri Greek bastard, if he's stupid enough to still be on this planet.
Rory Breaker: You think this is a coincidence? This white shite steals my things and thinks that he can sell it back to me? He's got less brains than you, Lenny!
Rory Breaker: Now watch out for these fellas. They've got a bit of an arsenal, and they don't mind using it.
Rory Breaker: Your stupidity may be your one saving grace.
Rory Breaker: Don't "uuugh" me, Greek boy!
Rory Breaker: Is that so, mister botanical?
Rory Breaker: We're gonna do a proper decoration job. I want the grey skies of London illuminated. I want that house painted red.
Rory Breaker: What do you want, a medal? I'll shoot you in the fucking throat if I don't get my ganja back.
Rory Breaker: Is that right, Mr. Botanical?
