Tom: Seems? Well, this seems to be a waste of my time. That is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in. And you're complaining about 200? What school of finance did you study? "It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the fucking century!" In fact, fuck it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Tom: Not when the price is 200 pounds it's not! And certainly not when you've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket. Tighter than a duck's butt you are. Now, c'mon. Lemme feel the fibre of your fabric.
Tom: Listen to this one then; you open a company called the Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club. You take an advert in the back page of some gay mag, advertising the latest in arse-intruding dildos, sell it a bit with, er... I dunno, "does what no other dildo can do until now", latest and greatest in sexual technology. Guaranteed results or money back, all that bollocks. These dills cost twenty-five each; a snip for all the pleasure they are going to give the recipients. They send a cheque to the company name, nothing offensive, er, Bobbie's Bits or something, for twenty-five. You put these in the bank for two weeks and let them clear. Now this is the clever bit. Then you send back the cheques for twenty-five pounds from the real company name, Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club, saying sorry, we couldn't get the supply from America, they have sold out. Now you see how many of the people cash those cheques; not a single soul, because who wants his bank manager to know he tickles arses when he is not paying in cheques!
Tom: Probably no more than four weeks.
Tom: Well it was still a good idea.
Tom: Rory Breaker?
Tom: Soap, is there something we should know about you?
Tom: It's the mother of all fuck-ups, stupid!
Tom: Well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling. It's not worth him giving us any trouble cause he knows we'll be a pain in the arse.
Tom: You'd take a pain in the arse for air miles.
Tom: No can do.
Tom: It comes with a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it.
Tom: There's no money, there's no weed. It's all been replaced by a pile of corpses.
Tom: Look, it's all completely chicken soup.
Tom: It's kosher. As Christmas.
Tom: That would be the same man, yes.
Tom: They lack any kind of criminal credibility. I might get laughed at.
Tom: [after having just robbed Dog and his crew] Jesus, that wasn't too bad, was it?
Tom: What?
Tom: Jesus, Ed, we've got a traffic warden!
Tom: Don't touch him up! Knock him out!
Tom: They cost me 700 quid. I'm not just going to throw them away. They're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, now are they?
Tom: I want to look fucking mean!
Tom: This is fucked. No money. No weed. Its all been replaced by a pile of corpses.
Tom: I wanted to talk to you about that?
Tom: Well, actually no. I've got them sitting in the car. I was gonna sell them back to Nick the Greek, but I'm having a bit of trouble getting hold of him.
Tom: They cost us 700 quid. I'm not gonna throw them away. And they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
